README.md, before:

Mega Project List
========

A list of practical projects that anyone can solve in any programming language (See [solutions](https://github.com/thekarangoel/Projects-Solutions)). These projects are divided in multiple categories, and each category has its own folder.

To get started, simply fork this repo.

## [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/thekarangoel/Projects/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

See ways of [contributing](https://github.com/thekarangoel/Projects/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to this repo. You can contribute **solutions** (will be published in this [repo](https://github.com/thekarangoel/Projects-Solutions)) to existing problems, **add new projects** or remove existing ones. Make sure you follow all instructions properly.


## [Solutions](https://github.com/thekarangoel/Projects-Solutions)

You can find implementations of these projects in many other languages by other users in [this repo](https://github.com/thekarangoel/Projects-Solutions).

## Donations

If *Projects* has helped you in any way, and you'd like to help the developer, please consider donating.

**- Gittip: [https://www.gittip.com/karan/](https://www.gittip.com/karan/)**

**- Flattr: [https://flattr.com/profile/thekarangoel](https://flattr.com/profile/thekarangoel)**

================================


Sources
=======

* [Martyr2’s Mega Project List](http://www.dreamincode.net/forums/topic/78802-martyr2s-mega-project-ideas-list/)
* [Rosetta Code](http://rosettacode.org/)

Commit message:

Explained subdivision of problems
More fundemental problems that teach the basics of programming are in concepts.md.

Applications of those fundementals are in applications.md.

README.md, after:

Mega Project List
========

A list of practical projects that anyone can solve in any programming language (See [solutions](https://github.com/thekarangoel/Projects-Solutions)). These projects are divided in multiple categories, and each category has its own folder.

To get started, simply fork this repo.

More fundemental problems that teach the basics of programming are in concepts.md.

Applications of those fundementals are in applications.md.

## [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/thekarangoel/Projects/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

See ways of [contributing](https://github.com/thekarangoel/Projects/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to this repo. You can contribute **solutions** (will be published in this [repo](https://github.com/thekarangoel/Projects-Solutions)) to existing problems, **add new projects** or remove existing ones. Make sure you follow all instructions properly.


## [Solutions](https://github.com/thekarangoel/Projects-Solutions)

You can find implementations of these projects in many other languages by other users in [this repo](https://github.com/thekarangoel/Projects-Solutions).

## Donations

If *Projects* has helped you in any way, and you'd like to help the developer, please consider donating.

**- Gittip: [https://www.gittip.com/karan/](https://www.gittip.com/karan/)**

**- Flattr: [https://flattr.com/profile/thekarangoel](https://flattr.com/profile/thekarangoel)**

================================


Sources
=======

* [Martyr2’s Mega Project List](http://www.dreamincode.net/forums/topic/78802-martyr2s-mega-project-ideas-list/)
* [Rosetta Code](http://rosettacode.org/)
